thank you so much for helping me get to work
I really really appreciate it of course we're
very happy yeah this weekend you played Coachella
two nights before that you were in Tokyo how
many people did you play to in Tokyo 110
000 people 110 000 people just two nights
ago yeah and now you're here in L.A for you
are you for that just to help me get to work
well he's so kind of you are you a good driver
I I think so I hope so I believe you ready
and
[Applause] [Music]
[Music]
every day [Applause] [Music]
follow me
[Applause]
oh my God
now how long ago did you form as a band
it's called like a sort of like a big band
camp is that right training training system
so it's like call ourselves like trainees
and how long are you there how long are you
in the training camp Lisa where they're five
five six years yeah and you're just you're
doing what dance singing language language
a lot of dance work like popping different
genres of dance talk to me so we're popping
yeah so show me show me some crumping Jesus
right yeah yeah so your face is angry okay
Rosie show me your angry face when you're
from
[Applause]
angry face
okay
she's the best so I'm really I'm really pissed
off okay okay let's go oh [Applause]
yeah
I went too angry that was two that was like
a Karen crumb okay [Music] foreign
[Music]
[Music] do I
oh yeah [Applause] [Music] I am I really felt
like I was in training camping I felt like
I was in competition with all of you talk
to me about when you were at Camp what's a
typical day like what time do you start
at nine to ten to get like okay this is already
better than my school 7 A.M and then we practice
all through 2 A.M we all come home and that
changes things even on weekends we would get
one day off every Fortnight on a Sunday yeah
I mean this is an incredible amount of dedication
for all of you Rose how old were you when
you moved from Australia I was 16 16 and you
moved on your own to Korea yes I did that
and I and then Lisa I was 14. I was 14. I
was baby yeah and I don't even speak Korean
yeah and what was your experience how did
you feel when you left home at 16 to go it
must have been oh it was probably yeah emotional
all my friends were like where are you going
and what this was tell them yeah I have no
idea how I'm gonna explain it but it's just
like acting school kind of thing but it's
all about music and I have to live there and
they were like they were just like this is
so weird what where are you going I couldn't
explain I'm like just wait and see I will
show you oh I will show you
that is absolutely incredible what was it
like at that age when you got to Korea how
did you how did you feel I mean you must have
been incredibly homesick at points yeah I
think it's so intense where we kind of forget
that we're missing some part of our lives
right that because there's different tests
that we do different videos that we have to
shoot and it just keeps coming every day every
week we weren't really looking back to our
homes or anything we're just like let's survive
this yeah yes that was yeah were there any
other bands that you looked to for inspiration
yeah loved TLC's music yeah otlc really you
know they had vocals they had wraps and it
had a bit of hip-hop do you want to do a bit
of TLC yeah okay here we go you ready
[Applause]
it takes me back scrub is a guy that things
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
now do you know how many world records you
have broken as a band we do not okay this
is gonna blow your mind I'm going to pull
in you have the most streamed female group
on Spotify with 8.88 billion streams you are
the most subscribed artists Channel on YouTube
globally were the first female K-Pop group
to reach number one on the U.S album charts
okay now I gotta tell you I've been hosting
the Late Late Show for eight years and I have
tried to break world records and I have never
succeeded and I thought we could try and set
a new world record yeah okay in these bags
what is one of these okay the fastest time
to assemble a Mr Potato Head okay the time
you have to beat is 5.43 seconds okay our
black pink ready yes yes okay now [Music]
all done done okay Jenny you've done the record
Jenny was 5.43 seconds what you did it in
16.7 happens the next record we are going
to break is the most hand claps all in one
minute the record is one thousand one hundred
and forty one thousand your time starts now
like when you're laughing like
okay no I'm afraid you did not beat the record
we have one more opportunity the record is
the most Jenga blocks removed in one minute
32 blocks to be removed
I think it's just the removal of the blocks
Let Me Wait for confirmation they said it
doesn't matter we're not going to break it
anymore the time starts now go
oh like the little ones okay
five six seven eight nine [Music]
ten [Applause]
guys we have broken the world record for the
most failed attendance by a K-pop band in
a car [Applause] foreign [Music]
[Music]
look up in the sky it's so bright
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah [Music] [Applause]
[Music] thank you
[Music]
now response girls are a big influence on
on blackpink correct like since I was young
I used to like listen to the radio like with
a lot and then their song came out and then
I was like oh like I was vibing with them
and we really liked how they have their own
individual characters and you know yeah yeah
that was something that we were aiming for
and it was such an iconic girl group yeah
in the history that we yeah that we grew up
listening to I mean because obviously they
had like Sporty Spice Scary Spice Baby Spice
Ginger Spice Posh Spice what would we be if
we were going to make that with pinks Aussie
pink Aussie pink yeah Aussie pink is cute
I think Lisa Could Be Boss pink oh yeah first
pink I think Jenny could be shy pink [Applause]
y chisu could be nail pink nails pink I like
that yeah probably I'd be like middle aged
out of three pink
yeah [Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
really bad you're ready [Music] [Laughter]
so much for helping me get to work I absolutely
loved it I'll never forget it thank you I
want to leave